@usedefault

h2. Agentcontroller

{{toc: min=3}}

h3. Description.

The Agentcontroller is repsonsible of distrubuting the work over the nodes. @LF This can be accomplished by specifying a specific node id to execute on or based on a role.

h3. Roles.

Each node can provided a role. @LF Roles define what each node is capable of doing.

h3. Executing of a task (JumpScript)

In JumpScale one can define a task in a [JumpScript|JumpScript] @LF As [JumpScript|JumpScript] defines a set of intruction to execute how and where to do so.


h3. Agentcontroller client

h4. ExcecuteJumpScript

In the JSShell one can execute a task as followed

{{code:
import JumpScale.grid.agentcontroller
acl = j.clients.agentcontroller.get()
job = acl.executeJumpScript(organization='jumpscale', name='jumpscale', nid=1, role=None, args={'msg':'bleh'}, timeout=600, wait=True, queue='')
print job['result']
}}

h5. Paramters Explained

* organization: is the organization the JumpScript is written by
* name: the name of the jumpscript
* nid: This is the node id of the node that should execute is (can be overruled by role)
* role: If role is specified it will be used instead of nid, the agentcontroller will search for a node which specifies this role and execute it on this node. If multiple nodes match a role the first available will be chosen.
* args: This is a dictionary of arguments to give to the JumpScript
* wait: When we want to perform a task either async or sync we can choose to wait for the result when providing False this method will return a Job object which is either queued or in progress.
* queue: With the parameter queue one can specify on which worker to execute his/her task.

h5. remarks

when more than 1 node matches the role then only the first matching one will be used

h4. ListSessions

This method provides an insight on which nodes are connected to the AgentController. @LF It provides which nodes is connected with which roles.

{{code:
import JumpScale.grid.agentcontroller
acl = j.clients.agentcontroller.get()
sessions = acl.listSessions()
}}

