@usedefaults

h2. JumpScripts

A JumpScript is a python script that can be execute on remote nodes.

h3. Location

JumpScripts are located under the AgentController at `/opt/jumpscaledir/apps/agentcontroller/jumpscripts`

h3. Syntax

Each JumpScript corresponds to one python module and should implement one method called `action`. This action can be paramterized.


{{code:

from JumpScale import j

descr = """
This jumpscript echos back (test)
"""

name = "echo"
category = "test"
organization = "jumpscale"
author = "kristof@incubaid.com"
license = "bsd"
version = "1.0"
async = False
queue = ''
period = 0
roles = []
log=False


def action(msg):
    print msg
    return msg
}}

h4. Attributes

* `name`: Name of the JumpScript
* `category`: Category of the JumpScript
* `organization`: Organization of the JumpScript
* `author`: E-Mail address of author of the JumpScript
* `license`: License the JumpScript can be destributed with
* `version`: Version of the JumpScript
* `async`: Wheter to execute this JumpScript in the processmanager or on one of the workers
* `log`: When set true this job will always be recorded in osis. If false it will only be recorded when it fails.
* `queue`: When queue is specified the JumpScript will be executed on the specified worker queue regardless of the async flag
* `period`: Interval the JumpScript will be automaticly executed at. JumpScript with interval should not have arguments. A period can be defined as an number in seconds or in [cron format|http://www.nncron.ru/help/EN/working/cron-format.htm].
* `roles`: Roles of the node this JumpScript can be executed on. This is used for JumpScripts that have a period and also acts as a filter of which JumpScripts are loaded on each node.

