h3. j.application
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/core/Application.py>`_  

h4. connectRedis

* params: 
* path:/core/Application.py (line:50)

h4. getAgentId

* params: 
* path:/core/Application.py (line:102)

h4. getCPUUsage

* params: 
* path:/core/Application.py (line:220)

try to get cpu usage, if it doesn't work will return 0
By default 0 for windows

h4. getMemoryUsage

* params: 
* path:/core/Application.py (line:244)

try to get memory usage, if it doesn't work will return 0i
By default 0 for windows

h4. getUniqueMachineId

* params: 
* path:/core/Application.py (line:269)

will look for network interface and return a hash calculated from lowest mac address from all physical nics

h4. getWhoAmiStr

* params: 
* path:/core/Application.py (line:99)

h4. initGrid

* params: 
* path:/core/Application.py (line:93)

h4. initWhoAmI

* params: reload
* path:/core/Application.py (line:58)

when in grid:
    is gid,nid,pid

h4. loadConfig

* params: 
* path:/core/Application.py (line:105)

h4. start

* params: name,appdir
* path:/core/Application.py (line:111)

Start the application

You can only stop the application with return code 0 by calling
j.Application.stop(). Don't call sys.exit yourself, don't try to run
to end-of-script, I will find you anyway!

h4. stop

* params: exitcode,stop
* path:/core/Application.py (line:153)

Stop the application cleanly using a given exitcode

@param exitcode: Exit code to use
@type exitcode: number

