h3. j.application.config
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py>`_  

h4. add2tree

* params: path,recursive,position,startpath
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:695)

h4. add2treeFromContent

* params: content,treeposition
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:686)

h4. applyOnContent

* params: content,position,additionalArgs
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:884)

h4. applyOnDir

* params: path,position,filter,minmtime,maxmtime,depth,changeFileName,changeContent,additionalArgs
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:865)

h4. applyOnFile

* params: path,position,additionalArgs
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:878)

h4. exists

* params: key,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:744)

h4. get

* params: key,position,checkExists,default
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:789)

h4. getBool

* params: key,default,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:811)

h4. getDict

* params: key,position,default
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:821)

h4. getFloat

* params: key,default,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:807)

h4. getHrd

* params: position,checkExists
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:829)

h4. getInt

* params: key,position,default
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:803)

h4. getItemsFromPrefix

* params: prefix,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:759)

returns values from prefix return as list

h4. getKeysFromPrefix

* params: prefix,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:773)

returns keys from prefix return as list

h4. getList

* params: key,position,default
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:817)

h4. getListFromPrefix

* params: prefix,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:759)

returns values from prefix return as list

h4. getParentHRDs

* params: treeposition
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:730)

h4. getPosition

* params: startpath,curpath,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:673)

h4. getStr

* params: key,position,checkExists,default
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:789)

h4. prefix

* params: key,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:750)

h4. set

* params: key,val,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:861)

h4. setDict

* params: key,ddict,position
* path:/baselib/hrd/HumanReadableData.py (line:825)

