@usedefault

h3. This Explains how to manually install JumpScale on ubuntu & mint in development mode

This is the non sandboxed install method.
*This is only for developers !!!!*

Tested on 13.10 & 14.04 64 bit.
does also work on mint distro 64 bit.

update your apt repository & make sure some basic requirements are met
{{code: template:shell
apt-get update
apt-get upgrade
apt-get install python-git git ssh python2.7 python-requests python-apt openssl ca-certificates python-pip ipython -y
}}

if reinstall make sure you remove old version first (see below)

h5. Install the latest trunk version from github

{{code: template:shell
pip install https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/archive/master.zip
}}

if you get a weird error please make sure that all js... files or links in /usr/local/bin/ are gone

h5. Get the jpackage metadata

Run the following command:

{{code: template:shell
jpackage mdupdate
}}

This command may ask you for a valid github account credentials.

h5. Install the core jpackages

{{code: template:shell
jpackage install -n base -r
jpackage install -n core -r --debug
jpackage install -n libs -r --debug
}}

this will checkout the core repo and link into your environment, to make development easy.

#h2. And Now?

#[Getting Started The Basics|Doc_Jumpscale_Core/GettingStartedBasic]


h5. to make sure you remove previous version 

{{code:
pip uninstall JumpScale-core
}}

if you are not sure please do
{{code:
pip uninstall JumpScale-core
killall tmux  #dangerous
killall redis-server
rm -rf /usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/jumpscale*
rm -rf /usr/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jumpscale*
rm -rf /usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/JumpScale*
rm -rf /usr/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/JumpScale*
rm -rf /usr/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/JumpScale/
rm -rf /usr/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jumpscale/
rm -rf /usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/JumpScale/
rm -rf /usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/jumpscale/
rm -rf /opt/jumpscale
rm /usr/local/bin/js*
rm /usr/local/bin/jpack*
killall python
rm -rf /opt/sentry/
sudo stop redisac
sudo stop redisp
sudo stop redism
sudo stop redisc
killall redis-server
rm -rf /opt/redis/
apt-get update
apt-get upgrade -y
}}
this will make sure all leftovers are gone


