h3. j.gui.dialog.easyDialog
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py>`_  

h4. askChoice

* params: question,choices,defaultValue,pageSize,sortChoices,sortCallBack
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:126)

Ask the user the supplied question and list the choices to choose from, if no response given the default value is used

@param question: question to be display to the user
@param choices: list of choinavigateToces for the user to choose from
@param defaultValue: the value that will be used if no response given
@param pageSize: max number of choices that can be prompted to the user in a single screen
@param sortChoices: if True, choices will be sorted before showing them to the user
@param sortCallBack: A callback function to handle the sorting of the choices (will only be used if sortChoices is set to True)

@return:  selected choice

h4. askChoiceMultiple

* params: question,choices,defaultValue,pageSize,sortChoices,sortCallBack
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:169)

Ask the user the supplied question and list the choices to choose from, if no response given the default value[s] is used

@param question: question to be display to the user
@param choices: list of choices for the user to choose from
@param defaultValue: default value assumed if no user response is given, default value can be a single value or a comma separated list of values
@param pageSize: max number of choices that can be prompted to the user in a single screen
@param sortChoices: if True, choices will be sorted before showing them to the user
@param sortCallBack: A callback function to handle the sorting of the choices (will only be used if sortChoices is set to True)

@return:  selected choice[s] or default value[s]

h4. askDate

* params: question,minValue,maxValue,selectedValue,format
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:318)

Asks user the supplied question, a valid answer is a date between minValue and maxValue

Currently in the EasyDialogConsole implementation ignores the format parameter and  only dates with format YYYY/MM/DD are supported

@param question: question that will be prompted to the user
@param minValue: optional value for the lower boundary date
@param maxValue: optional value for the upper boundary date
@param selectedValue:
@param  format: the format of the input date

h4. askDateTime

* params: question,minValue,maxValue,selectedValue,format
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:178)

Asks user a question that its answer is a datetime between minValue and maxValue

Note: this note my seem out of place, but is is important to note that currently in the EasyDialogConsole implementation only dates with format YYYY/MM/DD are supported

@param question: question that will be prompted to the user
@param minValue: optional value for the lower boundary date
@param maxValue: optional value for the upper boundary date
@param selectedValue:
@param  format: the format of the input date

h4. askDirPath

* params: message,startPath
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:38)

Prompts for a selection of a file path starting from startPath if given and '/' if not

@param message: message that would be displayed to the user above the selection menu
@param startPath: base dir of the navigation tree
@return: path to the directory selected

h4. askFilePath

* params: message,startPath
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:12)

Prompts for a selection of a file path starting from startPath if given and '/' if not

@param message: message that would be displayed to the user above the selection menu
@param startPath: base dir of the navigation tree
@return: path to the file selected

h4. askInt

* params: question,defaultValue
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:65)

Asks user the supplied question and prompt for an answer, if none given the default value is used, the response and the default value must be valid integer

@param question: question to be displayed
@param defaultValue: if the user did not provide a response this value is used as an answer
@return: response integer or the default value

h4. askInteger

* params: question,defaultValue
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:115)

Asks user the supplied question and prompt for an answer, if none given the default value is used, the response and the default value must be valid integer

@param question: question to be displayed
@param defaultValue: if the user did not provide a response this value is used as an answer
@return: response integer or the default value

h4. askIntegers

* params: question
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:397)

Asks user the supplied question and prompt for an answer

@param question: question to be prompted
@return: response integer

h4. askMultiline

* params: question
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:310)

Asks the user the supplied question, where the answer could be multi-lines

@param question: the question to be displayed

h4. askPassword

* params: question,confirm,regex,retry,defaultValue
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:88)

Asks the supplied question and prompts for password

@param question: question to be displayed
@return: response string

h4. askString

* params: question,defaultValue,validator
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:55)

Asks the user the supplied question and prompt for an answer, if none given the default value is used
@param question: question to be displayed
@param defaultValue: if the user did not provide a response this value is used as an answer
@param validator: regex validation value
@return: response string or the default value

h4. askYesNo

* params: question,defaultValue
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:77)

Asks user the supplied question and prompt for an answer, if none given the default value is used, the response and the default value one of the values [y|Y|yes|Yes..n|N|No..]

Currently the default value effect is ignored since it would require changing the jumpscale vapp
@param question: question to be prompted
@param defaultValue: if the user did not provide a response this value is used as an answer
@return: response answer or the default value

h4. chooseDialogType

* params: type
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:434)

supported types today: console,win32,wizardserver
@param type DialogType enumerator

h4. clear

* params: 
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:441)

Clears the screen/form.

h4. message

* params: message
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:107)

prints the given message to the screen

@param message: message to print

h4. navigateTo

* params: url
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:393)

h4. showLogging

* params: text
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:386)

Shows logging message

h4. showMessageBox

* params: message,title,msgboxButtons,msgboxIcon,defaultButton
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:211)

Shows a message box

@param message: message for the messagebox
@param title: title of the messagebox
@param msgboxButtons: buttons to show in the messagebox. Possible values are 'OKCancel', 'YesNo', 'YesNoCancel','OK'
@param msgboxIcon: icon to show in the messagebox. Possible values are 'None','Error', 'Warning', 'Information', 'Question'
@param defaultButton: default button for the messagebox. Possible values are 'OK', 'Cancel', 'Yes', 'No'

@return: A JSON encoded string containing the selected button clicked

h4. showProgress

* params: minvalue,maxvalue,currentvalue
* path:/core/gui/dialog/EasyDialogConsole.py (line:361)

Shows a progress bar according to the given values

@param minvalue: minVlue of scale
@param maxvalue: maxvlaue of scale
@param currentvalue: the current value to show the progress

