h3. j.cloud.system.fs
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py>`_  

h4. copyDir

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,tempdir,recursive
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:76)

Copy Directory

h4. copyFile

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,tempdir
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:34)

export specified file to destination
@todo needs to be copied onto cloudapi aswell

@param sourcepath: location of the file to export
@type sourcepath: string

@param destinationpath: location to export the file to. e.g. cifs://login:passwd@10.10.1.1/systemnas
@type destinationpath: string

h4. exportDir

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,recursive,tempdir
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:200)

export specified folder to destination
@todo needs to be copied onto cloudapi aswell

@param sourcepath:       location to export. e.g. ftp://login:passwd@10.10.1.1/myroot/drive_c_kds.vdi
@type sourcepath:        string

@param destinationpath:  location to export the dir to
@type destinationpath:   string

@param recursive:        if true will include all sub-directories
@type recursive:         boolean

h4. exportVolume

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,format,tempdir
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:238)

export volume to a e.g. VDI


@param sourcepath:         device name of the volume to export e.g.  E: F on windows, or /dev/sda5 on linux
@type sourcepath:          string

@param destinationpath:    location to export the volume to e.g. ftp://login:passwd@10.10.1.1/myroot/mymachine1/test.vdi, if .vdi.tgz at end then compression will happen automatically
@type destinationpath:     string
@param tempdir:            (optional) directory to use as temporary directory, for cifs/smb tempdir can be None which means: export directly over CIFS
@type tempdir:             string

h4. fileGetContents

* params: url
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:16)

h4. importDir

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,tempdir
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:225)

import specified dir to machine path
@todo needs to be copied onto cloudapi aswell

@param sourcepath: location to import the dir from. e.g. ftp://login:passwd@10.10.1.1/myroot/mymachine1/
@type sourcepath: string

@param destinationpath: location to import the dir to (i.e.full path on machine)
@type destinationpath: string

h4. importFile

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,tempdir
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:187)

import specified file to machine path
@todo needs to be copied onto cloudapi aswell

@param sourcepath: location to import the file from. e.g. ftp://login:passwd@10.10.1.1/myroot/drive_c_kds.vdi
@type sourcepath: string

@param destinationpath: location to import the file to (i.e.full path on machine)
@type destinationpath: string

h4. importVolume

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,format,tempdir
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:281)

Import volume from specified source

@param sourcepath: location to import the volume from e.g. ftp://login:passwd@10.10.1.1/myroot/mymachine1/test.vdi, if .vdi.tgz at end then compression will happen automatically
@type sourcepath: string

@param destinationpath: name of the device to import to e.g.  E: F on windows, or /dev/sda5 on linux
@type destinationpath: string
@param tempdir:            (optional) directory whereto will be exported; default is the default temp-directory as determined by underlying system
@type tempdir:             string

h4. listDir

* params: path
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:322)

List content of specified path

h4. moveDir

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,tempdir,recursive
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:89)

Move directory

h4. moveFile

* params: sourcepath,destinationpath,tempdir
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:63)

Move a file

h4. sourcePathExists

* params: sourcepath
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:12)

h4. writeFile

* params: url,content
* path:/baselib/cloudsystemfs/CloudSystemFS.py (line:23)

