h3. j.core.codegenerator

* path: /portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py

h4. generate

* params: spec,type,typecheck,dieInGenCode,appserverclient,instance,redis,wsclient,codepath,classpath,returnClass,args,makeCopy
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:177)

param: spec is spec we want to generate from
param: type JSModel,actormethodgreenlet,enumeration,actorlocal
param: typecheck (means in generated code the types will be checked)
param: dieInGenCode  if true means in generated code we will die when something uneforeseen happens
return: dict of classes if more than 1 otherwise just the class

h4. getActorClass

* params: appname,actor,typecheck,dieInGenCode,codepath
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:75)

        

h4. getClassActorLocal

* params: appname,actor,typecheck,dieInGenCode
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:62)

        

h4. getClassActorRemote

* params: appname,actor,typecheck,dieInGenCode,instance,redis,wsclient,codepath
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:89)

h4. getClassEnumeration

* params: appname,actor,enumname,typecheck,dieInGenCode
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:162)

        

h4. getClassJSModel

* params: appname,actor,modelname,typecheck,dieInGenCode,codepath
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:115)

        

h4. getClassesActorMethodGreenlet

* params: appname,actor,typecheck,dieInGenCode
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:101)

return: returns dict with key name methodname and then the class (for each method a class is generated)

h4. getCodeEveModel

* params: appname,actor,modelname,typecheck,dieInGenCode,codepath
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:139)

        

h4. getCodeId

* params: spec,type
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:174)

h4. getCodeJSModel

* params: appname,actor,modelname,typecheck,dieInGenCode,codepath
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:129)

        

h4. removeFromMem

* params: appname,actor
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:35)

h4. resetMemNonSystem

* params: 
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:51)

h4. setTarget

* params: target
* path:/portal/codegentools/CodeGenerator.py (line:29)

Sets the target to generate for server or client

