h3. j.core.grid.healthchecker
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py>`_  

h4. checkDBs

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:234)

h4. checkDisks

* params: nid,clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:454)

h4. checkDisksAllNodes

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:402)

h4. checkElasticSearch

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:195)

h4. checkHeartbeatsAllNodes

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:356)

h4. checkProcessManager

* params: nid,clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:384)

Check heartbeat on specified node, see if result came in osis

h4. checkProcessManagerAllNodes

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:341)

h4. checkRedis

* params: nid,clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:276)

h4. checkRedisAllNodes

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:259)

h4. checkWorkers

* params: nid,clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:313)

h4. checkWorkersAllNodes

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:303)

h4. getGID

* params: id
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:45)

h4. getName

* params: id
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:37)

h4. getNodes

* params: activecheck
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:120)

cache in mem
list nodes from grid
list nodes from heartbeat
if gridnodes found not in heartbeat -> error
if heartbeat nodes found not in gridnodes -> error
all the ones found in self._nids (return if populated)

h4. getWikiStatus

* params: status
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:271)

h4. ping

* params: nid,clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:430)

h4. pingAllNodesAsync

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:421)

h4. pingAllNodesSync

* params: clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:412)

h4. pingasync

* params: nid,clean
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:442)

h4. runAll

* params: 
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:143)

h4. runAllOnNode

* params: nid
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:161)

h4. toStdout

* params: 
* path:/grid/gridhealthchecker/gridhealthchecker.py (line:117)

