
h2. statistics related macro's

following shows info for a specific entry
mod =100 means data is modified with 100% so not, mod=50 would mean all values/2 (ideal for simulation)

h3. multistatsmonth

{{code:
\{\{multistatsmonth id:tanks.water.level.sb.1 mod:50 title:'Black Water Level Starboard Side' width:800 height:400\}\}
}}

h3. stats

show statistics for 1 specific measurement

* start & stop can be as follows: -2h -3d  or 0 (means till now), always need to be a - (not +)
* widht & height is in pixels
* id is the name of the counter
* mod see above
* maxvalues: max nr of items which will be put on graph (cols), std 200

{{code:
\{\{stats: id:$id start:-2h stop:-1h title:'$t1' width:$w height:$h mod:$modamount maxvalues=200\}\}
}}


h3. liststats

list all know stats for the system, from these you can then click to data & graphs

h3. statsdata

{{code:
\{\{statsdata: id:$id start:-2h stop:-1h\}\}
}}

show table with the raw data per 5 min

h3. statsdatahour

show stats per hour
data shown is
* avg value per hour
* max value per hour
* min value per hour
* nr of measurements per hour
* total value per hour

{{code:
\{\{statsdatahour: id:$id start:-2h stop:-1h\}\}
}}

h3. statsdataday

show stats per day

data shown is
* avg value per day
* max value per day
* min value per day
* nr of measurements per day
* total value per day

{{code:
\{\{statsdataday: id:$id start:-2h stop:-1h\}\}
}}

h3. statsdatamonth

show stats per month

data shown is
* avg value per month
* max value per month
* min value per month
* nr of measurements per month
* total value per month

{{code:
\{\{statsdatamonth: id:$id start:-2h stop:-1h\}\}
}}


