h3. j.tools.startupmanager
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py>`_  

h4. addProcess

* params: name,cmd,args,env,numprocesses,priority,shell,workingdir,jpackage,domain,ports,autostart,reload_signal,user,stopcmd,pid,active,check,timeoutcheck,isJSapp,upstart,processfilterstr,stats,log
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:600)

h4. disableProcess

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:887)

h4. enableProcess

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:891)

h4. exists

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:775)

h4. existsJPackage

* params: jpackage
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:796)

h4. getDomains

* params: 
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:780)

h4. getProcessDef

* params: domain,name,fromkey
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:737)

h4. getProcessDefs

* params: domain,name,system
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:748)

h4. getProcessDefs4JPackage

* params: jpackage
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:799)

h4. getStatus

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:860)

get status of process, True if status ok

h4. getStatus4JPackage

* params: jpackage
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:853)

h4. installRedisSystem

* params: 
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:563)

h4. listProcesses

* params: 
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:870)

h4. load

* params: 
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:730)

h4. monitorProcess

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:895)

h4. reloadProcess

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:903)

h4. remove4JPackage

* params: jpackage
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:849)

h4. removeProcess

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:841)

h4. reset

* params: 
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:556)

h4. restartAll

* params: 
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:835)

h4. restartProcess

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:899)

h4. startAll

* params: 
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:816)

h4. startJPackage

* params: jpackage
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:787)

h4. startProcess

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:879)

h4. stopJPackage

* params: jpackage
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:791)

h4. stopProcess

* params: domain,name
* path:/baselib/startupmanager/StartupManager.py (line:883)

