h3. j.clients.bitbucket.config
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/core/config/ConfigLib.py>`_  

h4. add

* params: itemname,params
* path:/core/config/ConfigLib.py (line:317)

Add and configure [bitbucket account, key = accountname].
@param itemname: (optional) Name of the [bitbucket account, key = accountname] to be added
@type  itemname: string
@param params:   (optional) Partial or full set of parameters to configure this object (e.g. to be used non-interactively), is a dict 
@type  params:   dict

h4. configure

* params: itemname,newparams
* path:/core/config/ConfigLib.py (line:457)

Reconfigure or add a [%(description)s] non-interactively.
@param itemname:  Name of [%(description)s]
@type  itemname:  string
@param newparams: Complete or partial set of new configuration settings [%(keys)s]
@type  newparams: dict of (string, value) 

h4. getConfig

* params: itemname
* path:/core/config/ConfigLib.py (line:391)

Get config dictionary for a [%(description)s]
@param itemname: (optional) Name of the [%(description)s]
@type  itemname: string

h4. list

* params: 
* path:/core/config/ConfigLib.py (line:379)

List all [%(description)s]s

h4. remove

* params: itemname
* path:/core/config/ConfigLib.py (line:439)

Remove [%(description)s].
@param itemname: (optional) Name of [%(description)s]
@type  itemname: string

h4. review

* params: itemname
* path:/core/config/ConfigLib.py (line:402)

In interactive mode: modify/review configuration of [%(description)s].
In non-interactive mode: validate configuration of [%(description)s].
@param itemname: (optional) Name of the [%(description)s] to be reviewed
@type  itemname: string

h4. saveAll

* params: 
* path:/core/config/ConfigLib.py (line:386)

h4. show

* params: itemnames
* path:/core/config/ConfigLib.py (line:423)

Show [%(description)s] configuration.
@param itemnames: (optional) List of [%(description)s] item names (default = all items shown)
@type  itemnames: list of string

