h3. j.clients.redisworker
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py>`_  


    

h4. checkJumpscriptQueue

* params: jumpscript,queue
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:215)

this checks that jumpscripts are not executed twice when being scheduled recurring
one off jobs will always execute !!!

h4. checkQueue

* params: 
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:259)

h4. deleteJob

* params: jobid
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:388)

h4. deleteJumpscripts

* params: 
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:145)

h4. deleteProcessQueue

* params: 
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:153)

h4. deleteQueues

* params: 
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:149)

h4. execFunction

* params: method,_category,_organization,_timeout,_queue,_log,_sync
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:166)

@return job

h4. execJobAsync

* params: job
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:253)

h4. execJumpscript

* params: jumpscriptid,jumpscript,_timeout,_queue,_log,_sync
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:232)

@return job

h4. getFailedJobs

* params: queue,hoursago
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:349)

h4. getJob

* params: jobid
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:127)

h4. getJobLine

* params: job,jobid
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:322)

h4. getJumpscriptFromId

* params: jscriptid
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:136)

h4. getJumpscriptFromName

* params: organization,name
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:157)

h4. getQueuedJobs

* params: queue,asWikiTable
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:335)

h4. removeJobs

* params: hoursago,failed
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:369)

h4. scheduleJob

* params: job
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:318)

h4. useCRedis

* params: 
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:118)

h4. waitJob

* params: job,timeout
* path:/baselib/redisworker/RedisWorker.py (line:284)

