h3. j.system.ovsnetconfig

* path: /lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py

h4. applyconfig

* params: interfacenameToExclude,backplanename
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:321)

DANGEROUS, will remove old configuration

h4. configureStaticAddress

* params: interfacename,ipaddr,gw
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:175)

Configure a static address

h4. createVXLanBridge

* params: networkid,backend,bridgename
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:105)

Creates a proper vxlan interface and bridge based on a backplane

h4. ensureVXNet

* params: networkid,backend
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:98)

h4. getConfigFromSystem

* params: reload
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:19)

walk over system and get configuration, result is dict

h4. getType

* params: interfaceName
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:118)

h4. initNetworkInterfaces

* params: 
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:71)

Resets /etc/network/interfaces with a basic configuration

h4. loadNetworkInterfaces

* params: 
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:77)

Reloads the networking configuration which is basicly applying /etc/network/interfaces

h4. newBondedBackplane

* params: name,interfaces,trunks
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:344)

Reasonable defaults  : mode=balance-tcp, lacp=active,fast, bondname=brname-Bond, all vlans allowed

h4. newBridge

* params: name,interface
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:86)

@param interface interface where to connect this bridge to

h4. newVlanBridge

* params: name,parentbridge,vlanid,mtu
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:95)

h4. printConfigFromSystem

* params: 
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:83)

h4. removeOldConfig

* params: 
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:34)

h4. setBackplane

* params: interfacename,backplanename,ipaddr,gw
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:239)

DANGEROUS, will remove old configuration

h4. setBackplaneDhcp

* params: interfacename,backplanename
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:127)

DANGEROUS, will remove old configuration

h4. setBackplaneNoAddress

* params: interfacename,backplanename
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:152)

DANGEROUS, will remove old configuration

h4. setBackplaneNoAddressWithBond

* params: bondname,bondinterfaces,backplanename
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:202)

DANGEROUS, will remove old configuration

h4. setBackplaneWithBond

* params: bondname,bondinterfaces,backplanename,ipaddr,gw
* path:/lib/ovsnetconfig/NetConfigFactory.py (line:275)

DANGEROUS, will remove old configuration

