h3. j.system.statmanager
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py>`_  

h4. addInfo

* params: info
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:197)

can be multi line
param:info dotnotation of info e.g. 'water.white.level.sb 10'  (as used in graphite)
result bool         

h4. addInfoLine2HistoryObj

* params: id,value,epoch
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:162)

h4. cleanCache

* params: 
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:117)

h4. getEpoch

* params: 
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:132)

h4. getFiveMinuteId

* params: 
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:23)

h4. getHeaders

* params: start,stop
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:269)

h4. getHistoryObject

* params: id
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:138)

h4. getHourId

* params: 
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:29)

h4. getInfo1h

* params: id,start,stop
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:356)

return raw info (resolution is 1h)
param:id id in dot noation e.g. 'water.white.level.sb' (can be multiple use comma as separation)
param:start epoch; 0 means all
param:stop epoch; 0 means all
result list(list) 

h4. getInfo1hFromTo

* params: id,start,stop
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:316)

will not return more than 12 months of info, resolution = 1h
param:id id in dot noation e.g. 'water.white.level.sb'
param:start epoch
param:stop epoch
result dict() 

h4. getInfo5Min

* params: id,start,stop,epoch2human
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:327)

return raw info (resolution is 5min)
param:id id in dot noation e.g. 'water.white.level.sb' (can be multiple use comma as separation)
param:start epoch; 0 means all
param:stop epoch; 0 means all
result list(list)  [[epoch,value],[epoch,value],...]

h4. getInfo5MinFromTo

* params: id,start,stop
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:296)

will not return more than 1 month of info
param:id id in dot noation e.g. 'water.white.level.sb'
param:start epoch
param:stop epoch
result list with values

h4. getInfoWithHeaders

* params: id,start,stop,maxvalues
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:245)

param:id id in dot noation e.g. 'water.white.level.sb'  (can be multiple use comma as separation)
param:start epoch
param:stop epoch
param:maxvalues nr of values you want to return
result list(list) 

h4. getNrItemsRow

* params: key
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:56)

        

h4. getTimeStamp

* params: timestamp
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:291)

h4. listHistoryObjects

* params: 
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:190)

h4. resampleList

* params: llist,nritems
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:230)

h4. reset

* params: 
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:44)

h4. save

* params: force
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:68)

h4. scheduleSaveClean

* params: 
* path:/baselib/statmanager/StatManager.py (line:35)

