h3. j.system.installtools

* path: /baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py

h4. chdir

* params: seld,ddir
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:51)

h4. copydeletefirst

* params: source,dest
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:305)

h4. copytreedeletefirst

* params: source,dest
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:299)

h4. createdir

* params: path
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:315)

h4. delete

* params: path
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:285)

h4. download

* params: url,to
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:39)

h4. downloadJumpScaleCore

* params: dest
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:266)

h4. enableQshell

* params: 
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:35)

h4. execute

* params: command,dieOnNonZeroExitCode,outputToStdout,useShell,ignoreErrorOutput
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:96)

Executes a command, returns the exitcode and the output
@param command: command to execute
@param dieOnNonZeroExitCode: boolean to die if got non zero exitcode
@param outputToStdout: boolean to show/hide output to stdout
@param ignoreErrorOutput standard stderror is added to stdout in out result, if you want to make sure this does not happen put on True
@rtype: integer represents the exitcode plus the output of the executed command
if exitcode is not zero then the executed command returned with errors

h4. expand

* params: path,destdir,deleteDestFirst,deleteSourceAfter
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:216)

h4. expand_tar_gz

* params: path,destdir,deleteDestFirst,deleteSourceAfter
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:216)

h4. getLastChangeSetBitbucket

* params: account,reponame
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:254)

h4. getPythonSiteConfigPath

* params: 
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:271)

h4. getTmpPath

* params: filename
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:263)

h4. installBaseMinimal

* params: 
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:321)

h4. isUnix

* params: 
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:85)

h4. isWindows

* params: 
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:91)

h4. log

* params: msg,level
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:81)

h4. removesymlink

* params: path
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:347)

h4. replacesitecustomize

* params: 
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:384)

h4. symlink

* params: src,dest
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:356)

dest is where the link will be created pointing to src

h4. writefile

* params: path,content
* path:/baselib/installtools/InstallTools.py (line:280)

