h3. j.system.netconfig
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py>`_  


    

h4. addIpToInterface

* params: dev,ipaddr,aliasnr,start
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:188)

h4. enableInterface

* params: dev,start,dhcp
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:60)

h4. enableInterfaceBridge

* params: dev,bridgedev,start,dhcp
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:171)

        

h4. enableInterfaceBridgeDhcp

* params: dev,bridgedev,start
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:168)

h4. enableInterfaceBridgeStatic

* params: dev,ipaddr,bridgedev,gw,start
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:126)

ipaddr in form of 192.168.10.2/24 (can be list)
gateway in form of 192.168.10.254

h4. enableInterfaceStatic

* params: dev,ipaddr,gw,start
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:106)

ipaddr in form of 192.168.10.2/24 (can be list)
gateway in form of 192.168.10.254

h4. remove

* params: dev
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:84)

h4. reset

* params: shutdown
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:49)

empty config of /etc/network/interfaces

h4. setNameserver

* params: addr
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:91)

resolvconf will be disabled

h4. setRoot

* params: root
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:15)

h4. shutdownNetwork

* params: excludes
* path:/baselib/netconfig/Netconfig.py (line:23)

find all interfaces and shut them all down with ifdown
this is to remove all networking things going on

