h3. j.system.platform.lxc

* path: /lib/lxc/Lxc.py

h4. btrfsSubvolCopy

* params: nameFrom,NameDest
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:176)

h4. btrfsSubvolDelete

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:189)

h4. btrfsSubvolExists

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:184)

h4. btrfsSubvolList

* params: 
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:158)

h4. btrfsSubvolNew

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:171)

h4. create

* params: name,stdout,base,start,nameserver,replace
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:258)

@param name if "" then will be an incremental nr

h4. destroy

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:370)

h4. destroyAll

* params: 
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:364)

h4. execute

* params: command
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:16)

h4. exportRsync

* params: name,backupname,key
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:139)

h4. exportTgz

* params: name,backupname
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:236)

h4. getConfig

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:85)

h4. getIp

* params: name,fail
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:81)

h4. getPid

* params: name,fail
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:94)

h4. getProcessList

* params: name,stdout
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:108)

@return [["$name",$pid,$mem,$parent],....,[$mem,$cpu]]
last one is sum of mem & cpu

h4. importRsync

* params: backupname,name,basename,key
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:206)

@param basename is the name of a start of a machine locally, will be used as basis and then the source will be synced over it

h4. importTgz

* params: backupname,name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:248)

h4. list

* params: 
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:54)

names of running & stopped machines
@return (running,stopped)

h4. networkSet

* params: machinename,netname,pubips,bridge,gateway
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:427)

h4. networkSetPrivateVXLan

* params: name,vxlanid,ipaddresses
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:468)

h4. pushSSHKey

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:357)

h4. removeRedundantFiles

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:199)

h4. setHostName

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:347)

h4. start

* params: name,stdout,test
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:393)

h4. stop

* params: name
* path:/lib/lxc/Lxc.py (line:388)

