h3. j.system.platform.screen
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/screen/Tmux.py>`_  

h4. attachSession

* params: sessionname,windowname
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:154)

h4. createSession

* params: sessionname,screens
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:9)

@param name is name of session
@screens is list with nr of screens required in session and their names (is [$screenname,...])

h4. createWindow

* params: session,name
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:114)

h4. executeInScreen

* params: sessionname,screenname,cmd,wait,cwd,env,user
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:27)

@param sessionname Name of the tmux session
@type sessionname str
@param screenname Name of the window in the session
@type screenname str
@param cmd command to execute
@type cmd str
@param wait time to wait for output
@type wait int
@param cwd workingdir for command only in new screen see newscr
@type cwd str
@param env environment variables for cmd onlt in new screen see newscr
@type env dict

h4. getPid

* params: session,name
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:86)

h4. getSessionNames

* params: 
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:83)

h4. getSessions

* params: 
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:76)

h4. killSession

* params: sessionname
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:150)

h4. killSessions

* params: 
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:146)

h4. killWindow

* params: session,name
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:138)

h4. listSessions

* params: 
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:98)

h4. listWindows

* params: session,attemps
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:103)

h4. logWindow

* params: session,name,filename
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:121)

h4. windowExists

* params: session,name
* path:/baselib/screen/Tmux.py (line:126)

