h3. j.system.platform.ubuntu
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py>`_  

h4. addUser2Group

* params: group,user
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:79)

h4. changeSourceUri

* params: newuri
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:287)

h4. check

* params: die
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:30)

check if ubuntu or mint (which is based on ubuntu)

h4. checkInstall

* params: packagenames,cmdname
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:86)

@param packagenames is name or array of names of ubuntu package to install e.g. curl
@param cmdname is cmd to check e.g. curl

h4. createGroup

* params: name
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:74)

h4. createUser

* params: name,passwd,home,creategroup
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:57)

h4. find1packageInstalled

* params: packagename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:274)

h4. findPackagesInstalled

* params: packagename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:262)

h4. findPackagesRepo

* params: packagename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:251)

h4. getPackage

* params: name
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:248)

h4. getPackageNamesInstalled

* params: 
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:239)

h4. getPackageNamesRepo

* params: 
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:236)

h4. getVersion

* params: 
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:47)

returns codename,descr,id,release
known ids" raring, linuxmint

h4. initApt

* params: 
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:10)

h4. install

* params: packagename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:106)

h4. installDebFile

* params: path
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:149)

h4. installVersion

* params: packageName,version
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:125)

Installs a specific version of an ubuntu package.

@param packageName: name of the package
@type packageName: str

@param version: version of the package
@type version: str

h4. listSources

* params: 
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:283)

h4. remove

* params: packagename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:157)

h4. restartService

* params: servicename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:206)

h4. serviceDisableStartAtBoot

* params: servicename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:217)

h4. serviceEnableStartAtBoot

* params: servicename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:220)

h4. serviceInstall

* params: servicename,daemonpath,args,respawn,pwd,env,reload
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:170)

h4. serviceUninstall

* params: servicename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:190)

h4. startService

* params: servicename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:194)

h4. statusService

* params: servicename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:209)

h4. stopService

* params: servicename
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:201)

h4. updatePackageMetadata

* params: force
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:223)

h4. upgradePackages

* params: force
* path:/baselib/platforms/ubuntu/Ubuntu.py (line:229)

