h3. j.system.statmanager.osis
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py>`_  

h4. authenticate

* params: name,passwd
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:53)

authenticates a user and returns the groups in which the user is

h4. count

* params: query
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:67)

h4. delete

* params: key
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:118)

h4. deleteSearch

* params: query
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:121)

h4. demodata

* params: 
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:70)

populate db with demodata

h4. destroy

* params: 
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:132)

h4. exists

* params: key
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:112)

h4. existsIndex

* params: key,timeout
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:115)

h4. get

* params: key
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:94)

h4. list

* params: prefix
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:136)

h4. native

* params: methodname,kwargs
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:64)

h4. new

* params: 
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:59)

h4. rebuildindex

* params: 
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:76)

rebuildindex

h4. search

* params: query,start,size
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:140)

h4. set

* params: obj,key,waitIndex
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:82)

if key none then key will be given by server
@return (guid,new,changed)

h4. simpleSearch

* params: params,start,size,withguid,withtotal,sort,partials,nativequery
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:145)

@params is dict with key the propname you look for and the val = val of the prop
e.g. {"name":name,"country":"belgium"}

h4. updateSearch

* params: query,update
* path:/grid/osis/OSISClientForCat.py (line:124)

update is dict or text
dict e.g. {"name":aname,nr:1}  these fields will be updated then
text e.g. name:aname nr:1

