h3. j.packages._object.jpackage
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py>`_  


Data representation of a JPackage, should contain all information contained in the jpackages.cfg

h4. addDependency

* params: domain,name,supportedplatforms,minversion,maxversion,dependencytype
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:534)

h4. backup

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. buildNrIncrement

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:669)

h4. checkExistingBlobs

* params: blobserver,dependencies
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1743)

@return the non found keys

h4. codeCommit

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. codeExport

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. codeLink

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. codeUpdate

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. compile

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. configure

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. copyfiles

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. delete

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. download

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. getAppPath

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:359)

h4. getBlobHistory

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1762)

h4. getBlobInfo

* params: platform,ttype,active
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:746)

@return blobkey,[[md5,path],...]

h4. getBlobItemPaths

* params: platform,ttype,blobitempath
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:767)

translates the item as shown in the blobinfo to the corresponding paths (jpackageFilesPath,destpathOnSystem)

h4. getBlobKeysActive

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1677)

h4. getBlobPlatformTypes

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. getBrokenDependencies

* params: platform
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:702)

Return a list of dependencies that cannot be resolved

h4. getCodeLocationsFromRecipe

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:802)

h4. getCodeMgmtRecipe

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:260)

h4. getDebugMode

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:368)

h4. getDebugModeInJpackage

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:371)

h4. getDependencies

* params: errorIfNotFound
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:718)

Return the dependencies for the JPackage

h4. getDependingInstalledPackages

* params: recursive,errorIfNotFound
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:564)

Return the packages that are dependent on this packages and installed on this machine
This is a heavy operation and might take some time

h4. getDependingPackages

* params: recursive,errorIfNotFound
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:574)

Return the packages that are dependent on this package
This is a heavy operation and might take some time

h4. getHighestInstalledBuildNr

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:662)

Return the latetst installed buildnumber

h4. getInstanceNames

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:725)

h4. getIsPreparedForUpdatingFiles

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:552)

Return true if package has been prepared

h4. getKey

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:561)

h4. getMetadataPathQualityLevel

* params: ql
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:684)

h4. getPathFiles

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:618)

Return absolute pathname of the jpackages's filespath

h4. getPathFilesPlatform

* params: platform
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:625)

Return absolute pathname of the jpackages's filespath
if not given then will be: j.system.platformtype

h4. getPathFilesPlatformForSubDir

* params: subdir
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:637)

Return absolute pathnames of the jpackages's filespath for platform or parent of platform if it does not exist in lowest level
if platform not given then will be: j.system.platformtype
the subdir will be used to check upon if found in one of the dirs, if never found will raise error
all matching results are returned

h4. getPathInstance

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:606)

Return absolute pathname of the package's metadatapath

h4. getPathMetadata

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:612)

Return absolute pathname of the package's metadatapath active instance

h4. getPathSourceCode

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:655)

Return absolute path to where this package's source can be extracted to

h4. getQualityLevels

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:694)

h4. getVersionAsInt

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:597)

Translate string version representation to a number

h4. hasModifiedFiles

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:870)

Check if files are modified in the JPackage files

h4. hasModifiedMetaData

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:879)

Check if files are modified in the JPackage metadata

h4. install

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. installDebs

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1097)

h4. isInstalled

* params: instance,checkAndDie,hrdcheck
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:886)

Check if the JPackage is installed

h4. isNew

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1251)

h4. isPendingReconfiguration

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1922)

Check if the JPackage needs reconfiguration

h4. isrunning

* params: dependencies,ipaddr
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1058)

Check if application installed is running for jpackages

h4. kill

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. load

* params: instance,force,hrddata,findDefaultInstance
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:201)

h4. loadBlobStores

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:347)

h4. loadDependencies

* params: errorIfNotFound
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:488)

h4. log

* params: msg,category,level
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:122)

h4. monitor

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. monitor_net

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. package

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. prepare

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. prepareForUpdatingFiles

* params: suppressErrors
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1282)

After this command the operator can change the files of the jpackages.
Files do not aways come from code repo, they can also come from jpackages repo only

h4. processDepCheck

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. reinstall

* params: dependencies,download
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1066)

Reinstall the JPackage by running its install tasklet, best not to use dependancies reinstall 

h4. removeDebugMode

* params: dependencies
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:409)

h4. removeDebugModeInJpackage

* params: dependencies
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:399)

h4. reportNumbers

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:2009)

h4. restart

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. restore

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. save

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. setDebugMode

* params: dependencies
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:377)

h4. setDebugModeInJpackage

* params: dependencies
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:390)

h4. showDependencies

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1934)

Return all dependencies of the JPackage.
See also: addDependency and removeDependency

h4. showDependingInstalledPackages

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1941)

Show which jpackages have this jpackages as dependency.
Do this only for the installed jpackages.

h4. showDependingPackages

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1948)

Show which jpackages have this jpackages as dependency.

h4. signalConfigurationNeeded

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1915)

Set in the corresponding jpackages's state file if reconfiguration is needed

h4. start

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. stop

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. supportsPlatform

* params: platform
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:912)

Check if a JPackage can be installed on a platform

h4. uninstall

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. upload

* params: remote,local,dependencies,onlycode
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1662)

h4. uploadExistingBlobs

* params: blobserver,dependencies
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1684)

@return the non found keys

h4. uploadExistingBlobsFromHistory

* params: blobserver
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:1714)

@return the non found keys

h4. waitDown

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

h4. waitUp

* params: 
* path:/baselib/jpackages/JPackageObject.py (line:15)

