h3. j.packages.redis
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/credis/CRedis.py>`_  


example for pipeline
 self.execute_pipeline(('SET',"test","This Should Return"),('GET',"test"))

h4. blpop

* params: key,timeout
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:88)

h4. brpoplpush

* params: src,dst,timeout
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:142)

h4. connect

* params: 
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:51)

h4. delete

* params: key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:133)

h4. eval

* params: script,nrkeys
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:153)

h4. evalsha

* params: sha,nrkeys
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:150)

h4. execute

* params: 
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:64)

h4. exists

* params: key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:100)

h4. expire

* params: key,timeout
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:136)

h4. get

* params: key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:103)

h4. getFallBackRedis

* params: 
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:47)

h4. hdel

* params: name
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:121)

h4. hdelete

* params: hkey,key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:118)

h4. hexists

* params: hkey,key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:124)

h4. hget

* params: hkey,key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:112)

h4. hgetall

* params: hkey
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:115)

h4. hincrby

* params: name,key,amount
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:139)

h4. hkeys

* params: key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:97)

h4. hset

* params: hkey,key,value
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:109)

h4. incr

* params: key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:127)

h4. incrby

* params: key,nr
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:130)

h4. keys

* params: key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:94)

h4. llen

* params: key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:82)

h4. lpop

* params: key
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:91)

h4. lrange

* params: name,start,end
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:156)

h4. rpush

* params: key,item
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:85)

h4. scriptload

* params: script
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:145)

h4. set

* params: key,value
* path:/baselib/credis/CRedis.py (line:106)

