h3. j.code
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/code/Code.py>`_  

h4. classEditGeany

* params: classs
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:44)

look for editor (uses geany) and then edit the file

h4. classEditWing

* params: classs
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:51)

look for editor (uses geany) and then edit the file

h4. classGetBase

* params: 
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:59)

h4. classGetJSModelBase

* params: 
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:62)

h4. classGetJSRootModelBase

* params: 
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:65)

h4. classInfoGet

* params: classs
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:35)

returns filepath,linenr,sourcecode

h4. classInfoPrint

* params: classs
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:27)

print info like source code of class

h4. deIndent

* params: content,level
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:278)

h4. dict2JSModelobject

* params: obj,data
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:117)

h4. dict2object

* params: obj,data
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:77)

h4. indent

* params: content,level
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:283)

h4. object2dict

* params: obj,dieOnUnknown,ignoreKeys,ignoreUnderscoreKeys
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:212)

h4. object2dict4index

* params: obj
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:174)

convert object to a dict
only properties on first level are considered
and properties of basic types like int,str,float,bool,dict,list
ideal to index the basics of an object

h4. object2json

* params: obj,pretty,skiperrors,ignoreKeys,ignoreUnderscoreKeys
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:266)

h4. object2yaml

* params: obj
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:263)

h4. pprint

* params: obj
* path:/baselib/code/Code.py (line:273)

