h3. j.base.time
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/core/base/time/Time.py>`_  


generic provider of time functions
lives at j.base.time

h4. HRDatetoEpoch

* params: datestr,local
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:152)

convert string date to epoch
Date needs to be formatted as 16/06/1988

h4. epoch2HRDate

* params: epoch,local
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:61)

h4. epoch2HRDateTime

* params: epoch,local
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:64)

h4. epoch2HRTime

* params: epoch,local
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:67)

h4. fiveMinuteIdToEpoch

* params: fiveMinuteId
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:88)

h4. formatTime

* params: epoch,formatstr,local
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:40)

Returns a formatted time string representing the current time

See http://docs.python.org/lib/module-time.html#l2h-2826 for an
overview of available formatting options.

@param format: Format string
@type format: string

@returns: Formatted current time
@rtype: string

h4. get5MinuteId

* params: epoch
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:91)

is # 5 min from jan 1 2010

h4. getDayId

* params: epoch
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:97)

is # day from jan 1 2010

h4. getEpochAgo

* params: txt
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:103)

only supported now is -3m, -3d and -3h  (ofcourse 3 can be any int)
and an int which would be just be returned
means 3 days ago 3 hours ago
if 0 or '' then is now

h4. getEpochFuture

* params: txt
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:129)

only supported now is +3d and +3h  (ofcourse 3 can be any int)        
+3d means 3 days in future
and an int which would be just be returned
if txt==None or 0 then will be 1 day ago

h4. getHourId

* params: epoch
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:82)

is # hour from jan 1 2010

h4. getLocalTimeHR

* params: 
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:30)

Get the current local date and time in a human-readable form

h4. getLocalTimeHRForFilesystem

* params: 
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:36)

h4. getMinuteId

* params: epoch
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:71)

is # min from jan 1 2010

h4. getTimeEpoch

* params: 
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:12)

Get epoch timestamp (number of seconds passed since January 1, 1970)

h4. getTimeEpochBin

* params: 
* path:/core/base/time/Time.py (line:23)

Get epoch timestamp (number of seconds passed since January 1, 1970)

