h3. j.action
 `Source <https://github.com/Jumpscale/jumpscale_core/tree/master/lib/JumpScale/baselib/actions/action/ActionController.py>`_  


Manager controlling actions

h4. clean

* params: 
* path:/baselib/actions/action/ActionController.py (line:262)

Clean the list of running actions

h4. hasRunningActions

* params: 
* path:/baselib/actions/action/ActionController.py (line:269)

Check whether actions are currently running

@returns: Whether actions are runnin
@rtype: bool

h4. printOutput

* params: 
* path:/baselib/actions/action/ActionController.py (line:277)

h4. start

* params: description,errormessage,resolutionmessage,show,messageLevel
* path:/baselib/actions/action/ActionController.py (line:185)

Start a new action

@param description: Description of the action
@type description: string
@param errormessage: Error message displayed to the user when the action
                     fails
@type errormessage: string
@param resolutionmessage: Resolution message displayed to the user when
                          the action fails
@type resolutionmessage: string

h4. startOutput

* params: 
* path:/baselib/actions/action/ActionController.py (line:286)

Enable j.console output. Format such that it is nicely shown between action start/stop.

h4. stop

* params: failed
* path:/baselib/actions/action/ActionController.py (line:222)

Stop the currently running action

This will get the latest started action from the action stack and
display a result message.

@param failed: Whether the action failed
@type failed: bool

h4. stopOutput

* params: 
* path:/baselib/actions/action/ActionController.py (line:302)

Disable j.console output. Format such that it is nicely shown between action start/stop.

